# Write up
[Demo](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1irf9RTpWNtn3xph2NE79rqLRyUWMJzqq/view?usp=share_link)

Imagine yourself as a business owner who wants to do influencer marketing and you came across our website. First, you can register a business account on the platform, and then navigate to the “My Marketing Task” page to create your first marketing task. The marketing task form requires you to fill out crucial details about your marketing campaign such as the description of the marketing task, the compensation to the influencers, the media files (images so far) associated with the marketing task and how you want the influencers to deliver this task, etc. 

Now imagine yourself as a social media influencer on the YouTube platform who wants to find sponsorship and you came to our website. First, you can register an account with us using your Google account where you will need to provide consent to allow us to access your basic YouTube channel data. If you do not give us consent, or you don’t have a YouTube account, our platform will not allow you to register. Once registered, you can find that some information is automatically populated using your YouTube channel data. But you can also fill out some other information about yourself such as a description of what your channel does and what you are looking for to improve your chance of being selected by a company. 

Once you think your profile is robust enough, you can go to the Marketplace and search for your desired marketing task or company that you are interested in working with. The website provides a robust text-based search system that allows you to search marketing tasks based on their title, description, and company name. You can also click the “View Detail” button for each marketing to see the full detail, and if you think you are a good fit, simply click the “Apply” button. If the business decides to partner with you, they would reach out to you directly.

Now back to the business side, you come back to our website after a while to check if anyone applied to the task you created, and you find an entry in the applicants table. The table gives you the ability to filter applicants based on various data such as channel name, age, platform, and a similarity score which is calculated by the platform based on text similarity between influencer profile and the marketing task. You can also navigate to the influencer’s profile page as well as their YouTube channel from the avatar and platform columns of the table. Once you decide that you will work with the influencer, you can close the task which will end up in the inactive section of the “My Marketing Task” page.
